docs: add CLI documentation (#83)
e18e/e18e: docs/guide/cli/index.md

e18e-cli analyze --log-level debug

# Analyze with specific package manager
e18e-cli analyze --pack pnpm
```

### `migrate`

Migrates your project from packages to more performant alternatives.

```sh
e18e-cli migrate [packages...] [options]
```

**Arguments:**
- `packages...` - Names of packages to migrate (e.g., `chalk`, `lodash`)

**Options:**
- `--all` - Run all available migrations
- `--dry-run` - Don't apply any fixes, only show what would change
- `--include <pattern>` - Files to migrate. Default: `**/*.{ts,js}`
- `--interactive` - Run in interactive mode
- `--manifest <path>` - Use custom migration manifest file(s)

**Examples:**
```sh
# Migrate specific packages
e18e-cli migrate chalk lodash

# Preview changes without applying
e18e-cli migrate chalk --dry-run

# Migrate all available packages
e18e-cli migrate --all

# Interactive mode to select packages
e18e-cli migrate --interactive

# Use custom migration manifest
e18e-cli migrate --manifest ./custom-migrations.json
```

## Migration System

The CLI uses a set of codemods from the [module-replacements](https://github.com/es-tooling/module-replacements-codemods) project for migrations.

### Default Migrations

> The CLI comes with pre-configured migrations for common performance optimizations. You can find the list of the current replacements in the [module-replacements](https://github.com/es-tooling/module-replacements/tree/main/manifests) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI comes with pre-configured migrations for common performance optimizations. You can find the list of the current replacements in the [replacements docs](https://e18e.dev/guide/replacements.html).
```

let's link to the new replacements docs actually and we can mention the module-replacements repo there instead

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The replacement list is still being developed and expanded. The current list represents the initial set of well-tested migrations. More replacements will be added as they are validated and tested across the ecosystem.

### Custom Manifests
You can bring your own migration rules by providing custom manifest files:

```json
{
  "replacements": [
    {
      "moduleName": "custom-module",
      "type": "simple",
      "replacement": "Use picocolors, kleur, or native console styling"
    }
  ]
}
```

Use custom manifests with the `--manifest` option:
```sh
e18e-cli migrate --manifest ./my-migrations.json
```

## What the CLI Analyzes

The `analyze` command runs several checks on your project:

1. Check for TypeScript declaration file issues (using [ATTW](https://github.com/arethetypeswrong/arethetypeswrong))
2. Validate package.json and publishing configuration (using [Publint](https://github.com/arethetypeswrong/publint))
3. Identify opportunities to replace packages with more performant alternatives (using [module-replacements](https://github.com/es-tooling/module-replacements))
4. Analyze your dependency tree for optimization opportunities

> ## Features

Reviewer: this section needs removing i think (Features)

# CLI

> The e18e CLI is a powerful tool for analyzing and optimizing your JavaScript/TypeScript projects. It helps you identify performance issues, find optimization opportunities, and migrate to better alternatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The e18e CLI is a powerful tool for analyzing and optimizing your JavaScript/TypeScript projects. It helps you identify performance issues, find optimization opportunities, and automatically migrate flagged code
```

maybe this will be better since it may not forever just be migration to alternative packages

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install and run analysis
npx @e18e/cli analyze

# Migrate packages interactively
npx @e18e/cli migrate --interactive
```

## Installation

You can install the e18e CLI globally or use it with npx:

::: code-group

```sh [npm]
npm install -g @e18e/cli
```

```sh [yarn]
yarn global add @e18e/cli
```

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm add -g @e18e/cli
```

```sh [bun]
bun add -g @e18e/cli
```

:::

## Commands

### `analyze`

Analyzes your project for various issues and provides recommendations for optimization.

```bash

> e18e-cli analyze [path] [options]

Reviewer: these examples should be `npx @e18e/cli analyze [path] [options]` i think

same for the other ones, the name would be `@e18e/cli`

e18e-cli migrate [packages...] [options]
```

**Arguments:**
- `packages...` - Names of packages to migrate (e.g., `chalk`, `lodash`)

**Options:**
- `--all` - Run all available migrations
- `--dry-run` - Don't apply any fixes, only show what would change
- `--include <pattern>` - Files to migrate. Default: `**/*.{ts,js}`
- `--interactive` - Run in interactive mode
- `--manifest <path>` - Use custom migration manifest file(s)

**Examples:**
```bash
# Migrate specific packages
e18e-cli migrate chalk lodash

# Preview changes without applying
e18e-cli migrate chalk --dry-run

# Migrate all available packages
e18e-cli migrate --all

# Interactive mode to select packages
e18e-cli migrate --interactive

# Use custom migration manifest
e18e-cli migrate --manifest ./custom-migrations.json
```

## Migration System

The CLI uses an [opinionated codemod](https://github.com/es-tooling/module-replacements-codemods) approach for migrations, based on e18e's curated list of performance-focused package replacements. This ensures consistent, well-tested migrations across the ecosystem.

### Default Migrations
The CLI comes with pre-configured migrations for common performance optimizations:

> - `chalk` → `picocolors` (smaller, faster)

Reviewer: we probably can't maintain a list of available migrations, as it'll grow to be pretty big

i think we can just link to the replacements doc (which currently shows an `x` for all replacements, but we need to update that)

- `lodash` → `lodash-es` (ESM version)
- `moment` → `date-fns` (tree-shakeable)
- `axios` → `undici` (native fetch-like API)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The replacement list is still being developed and expanded. The current list represents the initial set of well-tested migrations. More replacements will be added as they are validated and tested across the ecosystem.

### Custom Manifests
You can bring your own migration rules by providing custom manifest files:

```json
{
  "replacements": [
    {
      "from": "old-package",
      "to": "new-package",
      "reason": "Better performance and smaller bundle"
    }
  ]
}
```

Use custom manifests with the `--manifest` option:
```bash
e18e-cli migrate --manifest ./my-migrations.json
```

## What the CLI Analyzes

The `analyze` command runs several checks on your project:

> 1. **ATTW (Are The Types Wrong)** - Checks for TypeScript declaration file issues

Reviewer: instead of listing the underlying tools we use, i think we should probably list the checks and link to the tool

something like this:

> 1. Check for TypeScript declaration issues (using [attw](/))
> 2. Validate package.json and publishing configuration (using [publint](/))
> 3. Identify opportunities to replace packages with more performant alternatives (using [module-replacements](/))
> 4. Analyze your dependency tree for optimization opportunities

2. **Publint** - Validates package.json and publishing configuration
3. **Module Replacements** - Identifies opportunities to replace packages with faster alternatives
4. **Dependency Analysis** - Analyzes your dependency tree for optimization opportunities

## Documentation

### Getting Started
- **[Installation](./install.md)** - Detailed installation guide for all package managers

### Commands
- **[analyze](./analyze.md)** - Detailed guide to the analyze command
- **[migrate](./migrate.md)** - Complete guide to package migration

> ## Features

Reviewer: i dont think we need this section since we already mention the features further up in the "What the CLI analyzes"

maybe that section needs reworking to be a features section
